requests-and-responses content (#3)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-2: requests-and-responses/api-keys.md

# API Keys

## Goals

> Most web APIs require the use of API keys. The goal of this lesson is to learn about API keys for the purpose of working with existing web APIs meaningfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most web APIs require the use of API keys. The goal of this lesson is to learn about API keys to work with existing web APIs meaningfully.
```

## Unauthenticated: Missing the API Key

If we are missing the API key in the request, or we've included an invalid API key, the web API may send back an error instead.

Let's observe this with our own eyes!

In Postman, "turn off" the `key` query parameter using the checkbox function, or by deleting the key-value pair. Then, send the response.

![Screenshot of Postman, where the `key` query parameter is unchecked. The response is 401 Unauthorized.](../assets/api-keys/api-keys_postman-location-iq-example-401.png)

In this case, the API sent back a request with status `401 Unauthorized`, and with the response body:

```json
{
  "error": "Invalid key"
}
```

The actual response details will differ between web APIs, so it's best to check the API documentation.

If you're getting a `401 Unauthorized` error, we suggest beginning to debug by:

- double-checking that you're including the correct API key
- double-checking that you're using the correct and expected query param name
- asking someone to pair with you and see if they can recreate the error with the same API key

## API Rate Limits

> APIs have rate limits. A rate limit is the number of HTTP requests that an app is allowed make within a given time period. API services don't want apps and users to call an API too often.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIs have rate limits. A **rate limit** is the number of HTTP requests that an app is allowed to make within a given time period. API services don't want apps and users to call an API too often.
```
